ship: refactor teams to match reorg (#7277)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/departments/engineering/dev/process/pullrequest-compliance.md

All pull requests must provide [a test plan](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/dev/background-information/testing_principles#test-plans) and be reviewed by a teammate. If for situational reasons, it needs to be exempted, an [exception is automatically recorded](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/dev/background-information/testing_principles#exceptions).

> Exceptions are periodically reviewed by the @devinfra-team on a weekly basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exceptions are periodically reviewed by the @dev-infra-team infra-team on a weekly basis.
```

Is this actually true?

## Contact

Tag @devinfra-team on Slack for help.

Discuss the process in #ask-devinfra.

## Process

### For all teammates

1. If a PR is considered to be an exception, a GitHub issue is automatically created over [a GitHub repository dedicated to track them](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sec-pr-audit-trail/issues), and the teammate who is responsible will be assigned.
1. When assigned such an issue, the teammate (or a peer) is required to post an explanation for the exception as well as to justify how it was reviewed and/or tested, and close it.
1. If the issue is reopened by @devinfra-support, the teammate must update the explanation until considered valid by @devinfra-support.

### For engineer on devinfra-support rotation

> All issues prior to 2023-05-22 have been reviewed manually, even if they do not carry the `approved` label.

> 1. Current engineer on @devinfra-support rotation reviews closed issues which do not have the label `approved`.

Reviewer: Same q, is this actually done?
